

## Johnson & Johnson to showcase strength of its broad hematology portfolio and pipeline at the 2024 American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting

Johnson & Johnson to showcase strength of its broad hematology portfolio and pipeline at the 2024 American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting
JnJ.com
Location
Language
US
UK
More than 90 presentations of clinical trial and real-world data highlight potentially practice-changing evidence and commitment to pioneer the next wave of therapies for patients with hematologic malignancies
November 19, 2024
Share
Facebook
X (Twitter)
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Copy link
Link copied
RARITAN, NJ, November 19, 2024
– Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) announced today more than 90 abstracts featuring data from the Company’s differentiated blood cancer portfolio and pipeline will be presented at the 66
th
American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting in San Diego from December 7-10. Clinical trial and real-world data will highlight the Company’s broad and expanding portfolio of hematologic therapies, deepening its leadership in novel approaches to treat multiple myeloma as well as myeloid and B-cell malignancies. Six additional abstracts focus on the Company’s commitment and patient insights in warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia (wAIHA), a rare autoantibody-driven disease, and fetal and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (FNAIT), an alloimmune disorder of pregnancy.
“This year’s data line-up at ASH highlights our unwavering commitment to transform outcomes for patients with hematologic malignancies,” said Yusri Elsayed, M.D., M.H.Sc., Ph.D., Global Therapeutic Area Head, Oncology, Johnson & Johnson . “Our relentless pursuit to provide each person diagnosed with blood cancer with treatment options at every stage of their disease inspires us to continue driving innovation in this space.”
“The breadth of scientific evidence being presented at ASH speaks to our drive to deliver life-changing treatments for patients with blood cancer,” said June Lanoue, U.S. President, Hematology, Johnson & Johnson . “We look forward to highlighting the latest clinical trial and real-world data that demonstrate how we are addressing unmet needs for these patients.”
New data highlight progress across all treatment stages of multiple myeloma, including differentiated and promising combination regimens
Key clinical and real-world studies focus on providing healthcare professionals with important data that may help better inform their choice of treatment regimens for patients, including:
Phase 3 Randomized Study of DARZALEX
FASPRO
® (daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj) Monotherapy Versus Active Monitoring in Patients with High-Risk Smoldering Multiple Myeloma: Primary Results of the
AQUILA
Study
(Oral #733)
® + Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (VRd) Versus VRd Alone in Patients with Transplant-Ineligible Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma or for Whom Transplant is Not Planned as Initial Therapy: Analysis of Minimal Residual Disease in the
CEPHEUS
Trial
(Oral #362)
DARZALEX
® Plus Lenalidomide Versus Lenalidomide Alone as Maintenance Therapy in Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma After Transplant: Analysis of the Phase 3
AURIGA
Study Among Clinically Relevant Subgroups
(Oral #654)
Subcutaneous DARZALEX
® + Bortezomib, Cyclophosphamide, and Dexamethasone (VCD) in Patients with Newly Diagnosed Light Chain Amyloidosis: Overall Survival and Final Major Organ Deterioration Progression-Free Survival Results from the Phase 3
ANDROMEDA
(Oral #891)
CARVYKTI® (ciltacabtagene autoleucel; cilta-cel) vs Standard of Care in Patients with Lenalidomide-Refractory Multiple Myeloma After 1–3 Lines of Therapy: Minimal Residual Disease Negativity in the Phase 3
CARTITUDE-4
(Oral #1032)
Phase 3 Study of TECVAYLI® (teclistamab-cqyv) in Combination with Lenalidomide and TECVAYLI® Alone Versus Lenalidomide Alone in Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma as Maintenance Therapy Following Autologous Stem Cell Transplantation: Safety Run-in Results from the
MajesTEC-4
EMN30 Trial
(Oral #494)
Phase 2 Study of TECVAYLI®-Based Induction Regimens in Patients with Transplant-eligible Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma: Results From the GMMG-HD10DSMM-XX
(MajesTEC-5)
(Oral #493)
Pharmacodynamic Signatures and Correlatives of Response in Patients with RelapsedRefractory Multiple Myeloma Treated with TALVEY® (talquetamab-tgvs) or TECVAYLI® Plus DARZALEX® (daratumumab) and Pomalidomide
(Oral #594)
Continued clinical innovation in treatment of B-cell malignancies to be shown through new and updated data
Ongoing studies of IMBRUVICA
®
(ibrutinib) fixed-duration combination provide an opportunity to demonstrate long-term benefits of IMBRUVICA
in chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Key presentations:
First-Line IMBRUVICA
Plus Venetoclax vs Chlorambucil Plus Obinutuzumab in Elderly or Comorbid Patients with Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia:
GLOW
Study 64-Month Follow-Up and Adverse Event-Free Progression-Free Survival Analysis
(Poster #1871)
Consistently High 5.5-Year Progression-Free Survival Rates in Patients with and without Bulky Baseline Lymphadenopathy ≥5 cm are Associated with High Undetectable Minimal Residual Disease (uMRD4) Rates After First-Line Treatment with Fixed-Duration Ibrutinib + Venetoclax for Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSmall Lymphocytic Lymphoma in the Phase 2
CAPTIVATE
(Poster #1869)
Initiating First-Line Fixed-Duration IMBRUVICA
and Venetoclax in Patients with Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Improves Overall Survival Outcomes to Rates Approximating an Age-Matched General European Population
(Poster #3254)
A suite of oral presentations from independent investigators will further inform the clinical understanding and application of IMBRUVICA
in chronic lymphocytic leukemia, as well as its potential in the treatment of previously untreated mantle cell lymphoma.
Phase 1 program for the menin inhibitor bleximenib demonstrates commitment to addressing unmet needs in acute myeloid leukemia for patients with
both
KMT2Ar
and
NPM1m alterations
Johnson & Johnson is investigating new targets with a focus on unmet needs in myeloid malignancies. Data will be presented from the Company’s lead asset for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia in both newly diagnosed and relapsedrefractory patients:
Phase 1b Study of Menin-KMT2A Inhibitor Bleximenib in Combination with Intensive Chemotherapy in Newly Diagnosed Acute Myeloid Leukemia with
or
NPM1
Alterations
(Oral #215)
Bleximenib Dose Optimization and Determination of RP2D From a Phase 1 Study in RelapsedRefractory Acute Leukemia Patients with KMT2A and NPM1 Alterations
(Oral #212)
Research showcases unmet need in hematologic allo- and autoantibody-driven diseases including wAIHA and FNAIT
Johnson & Johnson studies on the lived experience of patients and utilization of health resources in people living with wAIHA highlight the hardship faced by those impacted by the disease and need for research into investigational treatment options that may offer sustained disease control and minimize disease exacerbations. Additionally, an overview of an ongoing Phase 3 FNAIT clinical study design will be shared.
Health Resource Utilization Among Patients with Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia in Sweden: A Retrospective Registry-Based Study
(Poster #2255)
A Retrospective Database Analysis of Healthcare Resource Utilization in Patients with Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia in the United States
(Poster #2324)
Sentiment analysis applied to digital conversations among Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia patients receiving rituximab andor blood transfusion
(Poster #3705)
Design of a Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open-Label Study of Nipocalimab or IVIG in Pregnancies at Risk for Fetal and Neonatal Alloimmune Thrombocytopenia
(FREESIA-3) (Poster #1193.1)
Insights on the Lived Experience of Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia from an Ongoing Patient Council
(Online Only)
Qualitative Examination of Treatment Experiences Among Individuals Living with Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia
Information on Johnson & Johnson sponsored abstracts
is available on .
About multiple myeloma
Multiple myeloma is an incurable blood cancer that affects a type of white blood cell called plasma cells, which are found in the bone marrow.
In multiple myeloma, these plasma cells proliferate and spread rapidly and replace normal cells in the bone marrow with tumors.
Multiple myeloma is the third most common blood cancer worldwide and remains an incurable disease.
In 2024, it was estimated that more than 35,000 people will be diagnosed with multiple myeloma in the U.S. and more than 12,000 people would die from the disease.
People living with multiple myeloma have a 5-year survival rate of 59.8 percent.
While some people diagnosed with multiple myeloma initially have no symptoms, most patients are diagnosed due to symptoms that can include bone fracture or pain, low red blood cell counts, tiredness, high calcium levels and kidney problems or infections.
About smoldering multiple myeloma
Smoldering multiple myeloma is an asymptomatic precursor state to multiple myeloma (MM). Patients with SMM have higher levels of abnormal plasma cells in the bone marrow and an elevated monoclonal protein (M-protein) level in the blood, but they do not yet exhibit the symptoms commonly associated with active multiple myeloma, particularly end-organ damage. Fifteen percent of all cases of newly diagnosed multiple myeloma are classified as smoldering multiple myeloma, and half of those diagnosed with high-risk disease will progress to active multiple myeloma within two years.
About warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia
Warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia (wAIHA) is a rare, life-threatening condition where autoantibodies lead to the premature destruction of red blood cells (RBCs), resulting in anemia, which can cause symptoms like debilitating fatigue, dizziness, shortness of breath, jaundice and in severe cases, chest pain or loss of consciousness.
Approximately 1-3 new people per 100,000 are affected by wAIHA per year, and about 1 in 8,000 individuals are living with the condition.9
,10
This condition affects both women and men and can affect people at any age with incidence increasing over the age of 50.10
,11
There are no Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drugs indicated for wAIHA, and treatment typically consists of corticosteroids, broad immunosuppressants and B-cell directed therapies.9 With an unmet need for treatment in wAIHA, continued research for evidence-based potential therapies is critical.
About fetal and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia
Fetal and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (FNAIT) is a rare and potentially life-threatening alloimmune condition in which a pregnant person’s immune system develops alloantibodies against fetal or newborn platelet antigens, leading to thrombocytopenia (low platelet counts) in the fetus or newborn.
FNAIT can result in severe bleeding complications for a fetus or newborn and is characterized by organ bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, or eyes.13 If a severe bleed occurs in the brain, termed intracranial hemorrhage (ICH), death or life-long neurologic effects may occur.13
ICH occurs in up to 26 percent of untreated pregnancies with FNAIT.
It has an estimated incidence rate of 1 in 1000 pregnancies.
There are no approved therapies for the treatment of FNAIT. Because FNAIT is not routinely screened for during pregnancy, the diagnosis of an affected FNAIT pregnancy often occurs postnatally.13
About DARZALEX
and DARZALEX
(daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj)
received
U.S. FDA approval in May 2020 and is approved for nine indications in multiple myeloma, four of which are for frontline treatment in newly diagnosed patients who are transplant eligible or ineligible.
It is the only subcutaneous CD38-directed antibody approved to treat patients with MM. DARZALEX
is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20, Halozyme’s ENHANZE
drug delivery technology.
(daratumumab) received
U.S. FDA approval
in November 2015 and is approved in eight indications, three of which are in the frontline setting, including newly diagnosed patients who are transplant eligible and ineligible.
is the first CD38-directed antibody approved to treat multiple myeloma.17 DARZALEX
-based regimens have been used in the treatment of more than 585,000 patients worldwide and more than 239,000 patients in the U.S. alone.
In
August 2012
, Janssen Biotech, Inc. and Genmab AS entered a worldwide agreement, which granted Janssen an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize daratumumab.
Since 2020, the National Comprehensive Cancer Network
(NCCN
) has recommended daratumumab-based combination regimens for the treatment of newly diagnosed multiple myeloma and relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma.
†
For newly diagnosed multiple myeloma in non-transplant candidates, the NCCN
guidelines recommend daratumumab in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone as a Category 1 preferred regimen; daratumumab in combination with bortezomib, melphalan, and prednisone as another recommended Category 1 regimen; and daratumumab in combination with bortezomib, cyclophosphamide, and prednisone as another recommended Category 2A regimen. For newly diagnosed multiple myeloma in transplant candidates, the NCCN
guidelines recommend daratumumab in combination with bortezomib, lenalidomide and dexamethasone as another recommended Category 2A regimen; daratumumab in combination with bortezomib, thalidomide and dexamethasone as a Category 2A regimen useful in certain circumstances; daratumumab in combination with carfilzomib, lenalidomide and dexamethasone as a Category 2A regimen useful in certain circumstances; and daratumumab in combination with cyclophosphamide, bortezomib and dexamethasone as a Category 2A regimen useful in certain circumstances. For maintenance in transplant candidates, the NCCN
guidelines recommend daratumumab in combination with lenalidomide as useful in certain circumstances. In relapsedrefractory myeloma, four daratumumab regimens are listed as Category 1 preferred regimens for early relapses (1-3 prior therapies): daratumumab in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone; daratumumab in combination with bortezomib and dexamethasone; daratumumab in combination with carfilzomib and dexamethasone; and daratumumab in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone [after one prior therapy including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor]. The NCCN
also recommends daratumumab in combination with cyclophosphamide, bortezomib and dexamethasone as another Category 2A regimen for early relapses (1-3 prior therapies) and as monotherapy as a Category 2A regimen useful in certain circumstances for early relapse patients after at least three prior therapies, including a proteasome inhibitor and an immunomodulatory agent, or for patients who are double refractory to a PI and an immunomodulatory agent.
For more information, visit
www.DARZALEX.com
.
About CARVYKTI
CARVYKTI
is a BCMA-directed, genetically modified autologous T-cell immunotherapy that involves reprogramming a patient’s own T-cells with a transgene encoding chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) that directs the CAR-positive T cells to eliminate cells that express BCMA. BCMA is primarily expressed on the surface of malignant multiple myeloma B-lineage cells, as well as late-stage B cells and plasma cells. The CARVYKTI
CAR protein features two BCMA-targeting single domains designed to confer high avidity against human BCMA. Upon binding to BCMA-expressing cells, the CAR promotes T-cell activation, expansion, and elimination of target cells.
(cilta-cel) received U.S. Food and Drug Administration
approval
in February 2022 for the treatment of adults with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma after four or more prior lines of therapy, including a proteasome inhibitor, an immunomodulatory agent, and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody. In April 2024, CARVYKTI
was
approved
in the U.S. fortreatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior line of therapy including a proteasome inhibitor, an immunomodulatory agent, and who are refractory to lenalidomide, following a unanimous (11 to 0) FDA Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee (ODAC) recommendation in support of this new indication. In April 2024, the European Medicines Agency (EMA)
a Type II variation for CARVYKTI
for the treatment of adults with relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy, including an immunomodulatory agent and a proteasome inhibitor, have demonstrated disease progression on the last therapy, and are refractory to lenalidomide.
In December 2017, Janssen Biotech, Inc., a Johnson & Johnson company, entered into an exclusive worldwide license and collaboration agreement with Legend Biotech USA, Inc. to develop and commercialize CARVYKTI
www.CARVYKTI.com
About TECVAYLI
TECVAYLI
(teclistamab-cqyv)
approval from the U.S. FDA in October 2022 as an off-the-shelf (or ready-to-use) antibody that is administered as a subcutaneous treatment for adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least four prior lines of therapy, including a proteasome inhibitor, an immunomodulatory agent and an anti-CD38 antibody.
The EC granted TECVAYLI
conditional marketing authorization
(CMA) in August 2022 as monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with RRMM who have received at least three prior therapies, including a proteasome inhibitor, an immunomodulatory agent and an anti-CD38 antibody, and have demonstrated disease progression since the last therapy. In August 2023, the EC
granted the approval
of a Type II variation application for TECVAYLI
, providing the option for a reduced dosing frequency of 1.5 mgkg every two weeks in patients who have achieved a complete response or better for a minimum of six months. TECVAYLI
is a first-in-class, bispecific T-cell engager antibody therapy that uses innovative science to activate the immune system by binding to the CD3 receptor expressed on the surface of T-cells and to the B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) expressed on the surface of multiple myeloma cells and some healthy B-lineage cells. In February 2024, the U.S. FDA
the supplemental Biologics License Application for TECVAYLI
for a reduced dosing frequency of 1.5 mgkg every two weeks in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have achieved and maintained a CR or better for a minimum of six months.
www.TECVAYLI.com
About TALVEY
TALVEY
(talquetamab-tgvs)
approval from the U.S. FDA in August 2023 as a first-in-class GPRC5D-targeting bispecific antibody for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least four prior lines of therapy, including a proteasome inhibitor, an immunomodulatory agent, and an anti-CD38 antibody.
Since FDA approval, 1,800 patients were treated with TALVEY
. The European Commission (EC) granted
(CMA) of TALVEY
(talquetamab-tgvs) in August 2023 as monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least three prior therapies, including an immunomodulatory agent, a proteasome inhibitor, and an anti-CD38 antibody and have demonstrated disease progression on the last therapy.
is a bispecific T-cell engaging antibody that binds to the CD3 receptor expressed on the surface of T-cells and G protein-coupled receptor class C group 5 member D (GPRC5D), a novel multiple myeloma target which is highly expressed on the surface of multiple myeloma cells and non-malignant plasma cells, as well as some healthy tissues such as epithelial cells of the skin and tongue.
About IMBRUVICA
IMBRUVICA
(ibrutinib) is a once-daily oral medication that is jointly developed and commercialized by Janssen Biotech, Inc., and Pharmacyclics LLC, an AbbVie company. IMBRUVICA
blocks the BTK protein, which is needed by normal and abnormal B cells, including specific cancer cells, to multiply and spread. By blocking BTK, IMBRUVICA
may help move abnormal B cells out of their nourishing environments and inhibit their proliferation.
is approved in more than 100 countries and has been used to treat more than 300,000 patients worldwide over the last decade. There are more than 50 company-sponsored clinical trials, including 18 Phase 3 studies, spanning more than 11 years evaluating the efficacy and safety of IMBRUVICA
was first approved by the U.S. FDA in November 2013, and today is indicated for adult patients in four disease areas. These include indications to treat adults with chronic lymphocytic leukemiasmall lymphocytic lymphoma with or without 17p deletion; adults with Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia; and adult and pediatric patients aged one year and older with previously treated chronic graft versus host disease after failure of one or more lines of systemic therapy.
About Nipocalimab
Nipocalimab is an investigational monoclonal antibody, designed to bind with high affinity to block FcRn and reduce levels of circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies potentially without impact on other immune functions. This includes autoantibodies and alloantibodies that underlie multiple conditions across three key segments in the autoantibody space including Rare Autoantibody diseases, Maternal Fetal diseases mediated by maternal alloantibodies and Prevalent Rheumatology.
Blockade of IgG binding to FcRn in the placenta is also believed to limit transplacental transfer of maternal alloantibodies to the fetus.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) have granted several key designations to nipocalimab including:
· U.S. FDA Fast Track designation in hemolytic disease of the fetus and newborn (HDFN) and wAIHA in July 2019, gMG in December 2021 and FNAIT in March 2024
· U.S. FDA Orphan drug status for wAIHA in December 2019, HDFN in June 2020, gMG in February 2021, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) in October 2021 and FNAIT in December 2023
· U.S. FDA Breakthrough Therapy designation for HDFN in February 2024 and for Sjögren’s disease (SjD) in November 2024
· EU EMA Orphan medicinal product designation for HDFN in October 2019
About Johnson & Johnson
At Johnson & Johnson, we believe health is everything. Our strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. Through our expertise in  and , we are uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow, and profoundly impact health for humanity.
Learn more at
https:www.jnj.com
or at
https:www.innovativemedicine.jnj.com.
Follow us at @
JanssenUS
and @
JNJInnovMed.
Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc., and Janssen Global Services, LLC are Johnson & Johnson companies.
Cautions Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding product development and the potential benefits and treatment impact of DARZALEX
(daratumumab), DARZALEX FASPRO
(daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj), TALVEY
(talquetamab-tgvs), TECVAYLI
(teclistamab-cqyv), CARVYKTI
(ciltacabtagene autoleucel), IMBRUVICA
(ibrutinib) and nipocalimab. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen Global Services, LLC andor Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: challenges and uncertainties inherent in product research and development, including the uncertainty of clinical success and of obtaining regulatory approvals; uncertainty of commercial success; manufacturing difficulties and delays; competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges to patents; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; changes in behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of health care products and services; changes to applicable laws and regulations, including global health care reforms; and trends toward health care cost containment. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, including in the sections captioned “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and in Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson & Johnson. None of Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc. nor Johnson & Johnson undertakes to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.
†See the NCCN Guidelines for detailed recommendations, including other treatment options.
Footnotes
Rajkumar SV. Multiple myeloma: 2020 update on diagnosis, risk-stratification and management. Am J Hematol. 2020;95(5):548-5672020;95(5):548-567. http:www.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpubmed32212178
National Cancer Institute. Plasma Cell Neoplasms. https:www.cancer.govtypesmyelomapatientmyeloma-treatment-pdq. Accessed November 2024.
City of Hope. Multiple Myeloma: Causes, Symptoms & Treatments. https:www.cancercenter.comcancer-typesmultiple-myeloma. Accessed June 2024.
American Cancer Society. Key Statistics About Multiple Myeloma. https:www.cancer.orgcancermultiple-myelomaaboutkey-statistics.html#:~:text=Multiple%20myeloma%20is%20a%20relatively,men%20and%2015%2C370%20in%20women. Accessed November 2024.
SEER Explorer: An interactive website for SEER cancer statistics [Internet]. Surveillance Research Program, National Cancer Institute. https:seer.cancer.govexplorer. Accessed November 2024.
American Cancer Society. What is Multiple Myeloma? https:www.cancer.orgcancermultiple-myelomaaboutwhat-is-multiple-myeloma.html. Accessed November 2024.
American Cancer Society. Multiple Myeloma Early Detection, Diagnosis, and Staging https:www.cancer.orgcancertypesmultiple-myelomadetection-diagnosis-stagingdetection.html. Accessed November 2024.
Rajkumar SV, Kumar S, Lonial S, Mateos MV. Smoldering multiple myeloma current treatment algorithms. Blood Cancer J. 2022 Sep 5;12(9):129.
National Organization for Rare Disorders, Warm autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia, July 30, 2924. https:rarediseases.orgrare-diseaseswarm-autoimmune-hemolytic-anemia
Tranekær S, Hansen DL, Frederiksen H. Epidemiology of Secondary Warm Autoimmune Haemolytic Anaemia-A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. J Clin Med. 2021 Mar 17;10(6):1244. doi: 10.3390jcm10061244. PMID: 33802848; PMCID: PMC8002719.
Cherif, H., Cai, Q., Crivera, C., Leon, A., Rahman, I., Leval, A., Noel, W. and Kjellander, C. (2024), Overall Survival and Treatment Patterns Among Patients With Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia in Sweden: A Nationwide Population-based Study. Eur J Haematol. https:doi.org10.1111ejh.14311
Fattizzo B, Barcellini W. New Therapies for the Treatment of Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia. Transfusion Medical Reviews, Vol. 36, Issue 4. October 2022 https:doi.org10.1016j.tmrv.2022.08.001.
NORD. Fetal and Neonatal Alloimmune Thrombocytopenia. Published online July 2022. https:rarediseases.orgrare-diseasesfetal-and-neonatal-alloimmune-thrombocytopenia. Accessed June 2024.
Constantinescu S, Zamfirescu V, Vladareanu PR. Fetal and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia. Maedica (Bucur). 2012 Dec;7(4):372-6. PMID: 23482913; PMCID: PMC3593293.
Lieberman L, Greinacher A, Murphy M, et al. Fetal and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia: recommendations for evidence-based practice, an international approach. British Journal of Haematology. Volume 185, Issue 3. May 2019. Pages 549-562.
DARZALEX FASPRO
U.S. Prescribing Information
U.S. FDA Approves TECVAYLI
(teclistamab-cqyv), the First Bispecific T-cell Engager Antibody for the Treatment of Patients with Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma. https:www.jnj.comu-s-fda-approves-tecvayli-teclistamab-cqyv-the-first-bispecific-t-cell-engager-antibody-for-the-treatment-of-patients-with-relapsed-or-refractory-multiple-myeloma. Accessed November 2024.
U.S. Prescribing Information, August 2023.
European Medicines Agency. TALVEY Summary of Product Characteristics. August 2023.
Genetics  Reference. Isolated growth hormone deficiency. http:ghr.nlm.nih.govconditionisolated-growth-hormone-deficiency.
Turetsky A, et al. Single cell imaging of Bruton’s tyrosine kinase using an irreversible inhibitor.
Scientific Reports
. 2014;6:4782.
de Rooij MF, et al. The clinically active BTK inhibitor PCI-32765 targets B-cell receptor- and chemokine-controlled adhesion and migration in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Blood
. 2012;119(11):2590-2594.
U.S. Prescribing Information, February 2024.
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04968912. Available at: https:clinicaltrials.govstudyNCT04968912. Last accessed: November 2024.
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04951622. Available at: https:clinicaltrials.govct2showNCT04951622. Last accessed: November 2024.
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05327114. Available at: https:www.clinicaltrials.govstudyNCT05327114. Last accessed: November 2024.
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04119050. Available at: https:clinicaltrials.govstudyNCT04119050. Last accessed: November 2024.
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05379634. Available at: https:clinicaltrials.govstudyNCT05379634. Last accessed: November 2024.
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05912517. Available at: https:www.clinicaltrials.govstudyNCT05912517. Last accessed: November 2024.
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT06028438. Available at: https:clinicaltrials.govstudyNCT06028438. Last accessed: November 2024.
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04882878. Available at: https:clinicaltrials.govstudyNCT04882878. Last accessed: November 2024.
ClinicalTrials.gov. NCT03842189. Available at: https:clinicaltrials.govct2showNCT03842189. Last accessed: November 2024.
Lobato G, Soncini CS. Relationship between obstetric history and Rh(D) alloimmunization severity. Arch Gynecol Obstet. 2008 Mar;277(3):245-8. DOI: 10.1007s00404-007-0446-x. Last accessed: November 2024.
Roy S, Nanovskaya T, Patrikeeva S, et al. M281, an anti-FcRn antibody, inhibits IgG transfer in a human ex vivo placental perfusion model. Am J Obstet Gynecol. 2019;220(5):498 e491-498 e499.
Media contacts:
Christie Corbett
ccorbet6@its.jnj.com
Sarah Freeman
sfreem21@its.jnj.com
Investor contact:
Lauren Johnson
investor-relations@its.jnj.com
U.S. Medical Inquiries
+1 800 526-7736
About us
Leadership team
. 
. Your use of the information on this site is subject to the terms of our


## Icotrokinra delivered an industry-leading combination of significant skin clearance with demonstrated tolerability in a once daily pill in Phase 3 topline results

Icotrokinra delivered an industry-leading combination of significant skin clearance with demonstrated tolerability in a once daily pill in Phase 3 topline results
Icotrokinra (JNJ-2113), a first-in-class investigational targeted oral peptide that selectively blocks the IL-23 receptor, met its co-primary endpoints in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis
74% of patients achieved clear or almost clear skin (IGA 01) at week 24
Comprehensive results are being prepared for presentation at upcoming medical congresses
November 18, 2024
SPRING HOUSE, Pa. (November 18, 2024)
– Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced positive topline results from
ICONIC-LEAD
a
, a pivotal Phase 3 investigational study of icotrokinra (JNJ-2113), the first targeted oral peptide that selectively blocks the IL-23 receptor, in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (PsO). The Phase 3 study met its co-primary endpoints of Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 90
b
and Investigator’s Global Assessment (IGA) of 01
c
response at week 16 and response rates continued to improve through week 24.
Once daily icotrokinra showed significant skin clearance versus placebo in adults and adolescents with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. At week 16, nearly two-thirds (64.7%) of patients treated with icotrokinra achieved IGA scores of 01 (clear or almost clear skin), and 49.6% achieved PASI 90, compared to 8.3% and 4.4% on placebo, respectively.
Further increases in response rates continued to be observed at week 24, with 74.1% of patients treated with icotrokinra achieving IGA scores of 01, and 64.9% achieving PASI 90.
Safety data was found to be consistent with the Phase 2 FRONTIER 1 and 2 studies. A similar proportion of patients experienced adverse events (AEs) between icotrokinra and placebo, with 49.3% and 49.1% of participants experiencing a treatment emergent adverse event (TEAE) at week 16.
Furthermore, positive topline results from the Phase 3
ICONIC-TOTAL
d
study showed once daily icotrokinra met the primary endpoint of IGA of 01 at week 16 compared to placebo.
Comprehensive results from ICONIC-LEAD and ICONIC-TOTAL are being prepared for presentation at upcoming medical congresses and will be shared with health authorities in planned submissions.|
“We are excited to see impressive Phase 3 results with once-daily icotrokinra treatment aligned with our Phase 2 study of this first-in-class targeted oral peptide that selectively blocks the IL-23 receptor,” said Liza O’Dowd, Vice President, Immunodermatology Disease Area Lead, Johnson & Johnson . “The majority of people living with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis are eligible for, but are still not receiving, advanced therapies. Icotrokinra has the potential to offer once-daily oral therapy that could help address the needs and preferences of people living with plaque psoriasis.”
Other studies in the Phase 3 ICONIC clinical development program are ongoing, including
ICONIC-ADVANCE 1
ICONIC-ADVANCE 2
, which will evaluate the safety and efficacy of icotrokinra compared with both placebo and deucravacitinib in moderate-to-severe plaque PsO. The Phase 3 ICONIC-PsA program which will investigate icotrokinra in psoriatic arthritis will be initiated in the beginning of 2025.
Editor’s notes:
a. ICONIC-LEAD is a randomized controlled trial (RCT) to evaluate the safety and efficacy of icotrokinra compared with placebo in participants 12 years of age or older with moderate-to-severe plaque PsO, with the higher efficacy bar of PASI 90 and IGA score of 01 with at least a 2-grade improvement as co-primary endpoints. ICONIC-LEAD enrolled 66 adolescent patients.
b. The PASI score grades the amount of surface area on each body region that is covered by psoriasis plaques and the severity of plaques for their redness, thickness and scaliness.[5] PASI 90 corresponds to an improvement of >=90% in PASI score from baseline.
c. The IGA is a five-point scale with a severity ranging from 0 to 4, where 0 indicates clear, 1 is minimal, 2 is mild, 3 is moderate, and 4 indicates severe disease.
d. ICONIC-TOTAL is a RCT to evaluate the efficacy and safety of icotrokinra compared with placebo for the treatment of PsO in participants with at least moderate severity affecting special areas (e.g., scalp, genital, andor hands and feet) with overall IGA score of 0 or 1 with at least a 2-grade improvement as the primary endpoint.
About the ICONIC Clinical Development Program
The pivotal Phase 3 ICONIC clinical development program of icotrokinra (JNJ-2113) in adult and adolescent individuals with moderate-to-severe plaque PsO was initiated with two studies in Q4 2023 – ICONIC-LEAD and ICONIC-TOTAL – pursuant to the license and collaboration agreement between Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc. and Janssen Biotech, Inc.
ICONIC-LEAD (
NCT06095115
) is a randomized controlled trial (RCT) to evaluate the safety and efficacy of icotrokinra compared with placebo in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque PsO, with PASI 90 and IGA score of 0 or 1 with at least a 2-grade improvement as co-primary endpoints.
ICONIC-TOTAL (
NCT06095102
) is a RCT to evaluate the efficacy and safety of icotrokinra compared with placebo for the treatment of PsO in participants with at least moderate severity affecting special areas (e.g., scalp, genital, andor hands and feet) with overall IGA score of 0 or 1 with at least a 2-grade improvement as the primary endpoint.
Other Phase 3 studies in the development program include ICONIC-ADVANCE 1 (
NCT06143878
) and ICONIC-ADVANCE 2 (
NCT06220604
), which evaluate the safety and efficacy of icotrokinra compared with both placebo and deucravacitinib in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque PsO.
About Plaque Psoriasis
Plaque psoriasis (PsO) is a chronic immune-mediated disease resulting in overproduction of skin cells, which causes inflamed, scaly plaques that may be itchy or painful.
It is estimated that eight million Americans and more than 125 million people worldwide live with the disease.
Nearly one-quarter of all people with plaque PsO have cases that are considered moderate to severe.
On Caucasian skin, plaques typically appear as raised, red patches covered with a silvery white buildup of dead skin cells or scale.
On skin of color, the plaques may appear darker and thicker and more of a purple, gray or dark brown color.
Plaques can appear anywhere on the body, although they most often appear on the scalp, knees, elbows, and torso.
Living with plaque PsO can be a challenge and impact life beyond a person’s physical health, including emotional health, relationships, and handling the stressors of life.
Psoriasis on highly visible areas of the body or sensitive skin, such as the scalp, hands, feet, and genitals, can have an increased negative impact on quality of life.
About Icotrokinra (JNJ-77242113, JNJ-2113)
Investigational icotrokinra is the first targeted oral peptide designed to selectively block the IL-23 receptor,
which underpins the inflammatory response in moderate-to-severe plaque PsO and other IL-23-mediated diseases.
Icotrokinra binds to the IL-23 receptor with single-digit picomolar affinity and demonstrated potent, selective inhibition of IL-23 signaling in human T cells.
The license and collaboration agreement established between Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc. and Janssen Biotech, Inc., in 2017 enabled the companies to work together to discover and develop next-generation compounds that ultimately led to icotrokinra.
Icotrokinra was jointly discovered and is being developed pursuant to the license and collaboration agreement between Protagonist and Johnson & Johnson. Johnson & Johnson retains exclusive worldwide rights to develop icotrokinra in Phase 2 clinical trials and beyond, and to commercialize compounds derived from the research conducted pursuant to the agreement against a broad range of indications.
Learn more at https:www.jnj.com or at www.innovativemedicine.jnj.com. Follow us at @JNJInnovMed.
Janssen Research & Development, LLC and Janssen Biotech, Inc. are Johnson & Johnson companies.
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding icotrokinra (JNJ-2113). The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc. andor Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: challenges and uncertainties inherent in product research and development, including the uncertainty of clinical success and of obtaining regulatory approvals; uncertainty of commercial success; manufacturing difficulties and delays; competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges to patents; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; changes in behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of health care products and services; changes to applicable laws and regulations, including global health care reforms; and trends toward health care cost containment. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, including in the sections captioned “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and in Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson & Johnson. None of Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc. nor Johnson & Johnson undertakes to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.
Data on file.
Ferris, L et al. A Phase 2b, Long-term Extension, Dose-ranging Study of Oral JNJ-77242113 for the Treatment of Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: FRONTIER 2. Oral presentation (Abstract #S026) at the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) 2024 Annual Meeting. March 2024.
Bissonnette R, et al. Data presentation. A phase 2, randomized, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging study of oral JNJ-77242113 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: FRONTIER 1. Presented at WCD 2023, July 3-8.
Thompson Jr, D. How the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index works. Everyday Health. Available at: https:www.everydayhealth.compsoriasisliving-withhow-the-pasi-index-works. Accessed November 2024.
Simpson E, Bissonnette R, Eichenfield LF, et al. The validated Investigator Global Assessment for Atopic Dermatitis (vIGA-AD™): The development and reliability testing of a novel clinical outcome measurement instrument for the severity of atopic dermatitis [published online April 25, 2020]. J Am Acad Dermatol. doi: 10.1016j.jaad.2020.04.104. Accessed November 2024.
Protagonist Therapeutics. Press release. Protagonist announces advancement of JNJ-2113 across multiple indications. Available at: https:www.accesswire.com791174protagonist-announces-advancement-of-jnj-2113-across-multiple-indications. Accessed November 2024.
Clinicaltrials.gov. A study of JNJ-2113 in adolescent and adult participants with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (ICONIC-LEAD). Identifier NCT06095115. https:classic.clinicaltrials.govct2showNCT06095115. Accessed November 2024.
Clinicaltrials.gov. A study of JNJ-2113 for the treatment of participants with plaque psoriasis involving special areas (scalp, genital, andor palms of the hands and the soles of the feet) (ICONIC-TOTAL). Identifier NCT06095102. https:classic.clinicaltrials.govct2showNCT06095102. Accessed November 2024.
Protagonist Therapeutics. Press release. Protagonist announces two new phase 3 ICONIC studies in psoriasis evaluating JNJ-2113 in head-to-head comparisons with deucravacitinib. Available at: https:www.accesswire.com810075protagonist-announces-two-new-phase-3-iconic-studies-in-psoriasis-evaluating-jnj-2113-in-head-to-head-comparisons-with-deucravacitinib. Accessed November 2024.
National Psoriasis Foundation. About Psoriasis. Available at: https:www.psoriasis.orgabout-psoriasis. Accessed November 2024.
National Psoriasis Foundation. Psoriasis Statistics. Available at: https:www.psoriasis.orgcontentstatistics. Accessed November 2024.
National Psoriasis Foundation. Plaque Psoriasis. Available at: https:www.psoriasis.orgplaque.Accessed November 2024.
National Psoriasis Foundation. Life with Psoriasis. Available at: https:www.psoriasis.orglife-with-psoriasis. Accessed November 2024.
National Psoriasis Foundation. High Impact Sites. Available at: https:www.psoriasis.orghigh-impact-sites. Accessed Sep November 2024.
Razawy W, et al. The role of IL‐23 receptor signaling in inflammation‐mediated erosive autoimmune arthritis and bone remodeling.
Eur J Immunol
. 2018 Feb; 48(2): 220–229.
Tang C, et al. Interleukin-23: as a drug target for autoimmune inflammatory diseases.
Immunology
. 2012 Feb; 135(2): 112–124.
Pinter A, et al. Data Presentation. JNJ-77242113 Treatment Induces a Strong Systemic Pharmacodynamic Response Versus Placebo in Serum Samples of Patients with Plaque Psoriasis: Results from the Phase 2, FRONTIER 1 Study. Presented at EADV 2023, October 11-14.
Johnson & Johnson. Press release. Janssen enters into worldwide exclusive license and collaboration agreement with Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc. for the oral Interlukin-23 receptor antagonist drug candidate for the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease. Available at: https:www.jnj.commedia-centerpress-releasesjanssen-enters-into-worldwide-exclusive-license-and-collaboration-agreement-with-protagonist-therapeutics-inc-for-the-oral-interlukin-23-receptor-antagonist-drug-candidate-for-the-treatment-of-inflammatory-bowel-disease. Accessed November 2024.
Protagonist Therapeutics. Press release. Protagonist Therapeutics announces amendment of agreement with Janssen Biotech for the continued development and commercialization of IL-23 antagonists. Available at: https:www.prnewswire.comnews-releasesprotagonist-therapeutics-announces-amendment-of-agreement-with-janssen-biotech-for-the-continued-development-and-commercialization-of-il-23-antagonists-301343621.html. Accessed November 2024.
Protagonist Therapeutics. Press release. Protagonist Reports positive results from Phase 1 and pre-clinical studies of oral Interleukin-23 receptor antagonist JNJ-2113. Available at: https:www.prnewswire.comnews-releasesprotagonist-reports-positive-results-from-phase-1-and-pre-clinical-studies-of-oral-interleukin-23-receptor-antagonist-jnj-2113-301823039.html. Accessed November 2024.
Protagonist Therapeutics. Press release. Protagonist Therapeutics announces positive topline results for Phase 2b FRONTIER 1 clinical trial of oral IL-23 receptor antagonist JNJ-2113 (PN-235) in psoriasis. Available at: https:www.prnewswire.comnews-releasesprotagonist-therapeutics-announces-positive-topline-results-for-phase-2b-frontier-1-clinical-trial-of-oral-il-23-receptor-antagonist-jnj-2113-pn-235-in-psoriasis-301764181.html. Accessed November 2024.
Media contact:
Meg Farina
+1 610-724-1079
mfarina@its.jnj.com


## CHMP recommends RYBREVANT®▼ (amivantamab) in combination with LAZCLUZE®▼ (lazertinib) for the first-line treatment of patients with EGFR-mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer

CHMP recommends RYBREVANT®▼ (amivantamab) in combination with LAZCLUZE®▼ (lazertinib) for the first-line treatment of patients with EGFR-mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer
Press releases
CHMP recommends RYBREVANT
▼ (amivantamab) in combination with LAZCLUZE
▼ (lazertinib) for the first-line treatment of patients with EGFR-mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer
The amivantamab plus lazertinib combination regimen offers potential to provide new standard of care as first-line option for adult patients with advanced NSCLC with EGFR ex19del or L858R substitution mutations
In the Phase 3 MARIPOSA study, amivantamab plus lazertinib significantly reduced risk of disease progression or death by 30 percent versus osimertinib monotherapy
November 15, 2024
BEERSE, BELGIUM (15 November 2024)
– Janssen-Cilag International NV, a Johnson & Johnson company, today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has recommended the Marketing Authorisation (MA)for LAZCLUZE
▼ (lazertinib), in combination with RYBREVANT
▼ (amivantamab), for the first-line treatment of adult patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) exon 19 deletions (ex19del) or exon 21 L858R (L858R) substitution mutations.
The CHMP has simultaneously recommended approval of a Type II extension of indication for amivantamab in the same combination regimen.
“Lung cancer remains the leading cause of cancer-related deaths globally, and patients with EGFR-mutated advanced non-small-cell lung cancer are in need of new targeted treatment options,” said Henar Hevia, Ph.D., Senior Director, EMEA Therapeutic Area Lead, Oncology, Johnson & Johnson . “Pending European Commission approval, the combination of amivantamab with lazertinib could establish a new first-line standard of care, with the potential to significantly delay disease progression and improve outcomes early in the treatment pathway while reserving chemotherapy regimens for later stages of treatment when resistance becomes more complex.”
The CHMP positive opinions for the MA and Type II extension of indication are supported by data from the Phase 3 MARIPOSA (
NCT04487080
) study, evaluating amivantamab in combination with lazertinib compared to osimertinib as first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR ex19del or exon 21 L858R substitution mutations.
The study met its primary endpoint, and at median follow-up of 22 months, reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 30 percent compared to osimertinib (median progression-free survival [PFS]: 23.7 months compared to 16.6 months for osimertinib; hazard ratio [HR]=0.70;
95 percent confidence Interval [CI], 0.58–0.85;
P
<0.001) as assessed by blinded independent central review (BICR).
The median duration of response (DOR) was significantly longer for patients receiving amivantamab plus lazertinib compared to osimertinib, with a nine-month improvement in median DOR (25.8 vs. 16.8 months).
Results from the MARIPOSA study were featured during a Presidential Symposium session at the 2023 European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress, with longer-term follow-up data presented at the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer (IASLC) 2024 World Conference on Lung Cancer (WCLC).
The MARIPOSA study required all patients to have serial brain imaging with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in order to detect or monitor brain metastases, a measure not implemented in most prior studies for EGFR-mutated NSCLC.
The primary endpoint of PFS in MARIPOSA included these central nervous system (CNS) events detected by serial brain MRIs.
The median PFS when censoring CNS-only first progressions was 27.5 months for the combination of amivantamab and lazertinib, compared to 18.4 months for osimertinib (HR=0.68; 95 percent CI, 0.55–0.83;
<0.001**).
Longer-term follow-up data shows a strong favourable overall survival trend for amivantamab plus lazertinib versus osimertinib.
At three years (median follow-up of 31.1 months), 61 percent of patients receiving amivantamab plus lazertinib were alive compared to 53 percent of those treated with osimertinib based on an analysis performed at the request of health authorities*** (Median OS not estimable [NE] vs 37.3 months; HR=0.77; 95 percent CI, 0.61-0.96; nominal
=0.019).
The safety profile of the combination of amivantamab and lazertinib was consistent with previous reports from Phase 1-2 studies, with mostly Grade 1 or 2 adverse events (AEs).
Toxicity was largely manageable with dose interruptions and reductions, along with supportive care measures commonly used in the treatment of patients with NSCLC.
The most common treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) of any grade were paronychia (68 percent), infusion-related reactions (63 percent), and rash (62 percent).
Amivantamab plus lazertinib had higher rates of EGFR- and MET-related AEs and venous thromboembolism compared to osimertinib, except diarrhoea, for which rates were higher for osimertinib.
The commonest grade 3 or higher TEAEs were rash (15 percent), paronychia (11 percent) and dermatitis acneiform (8 percent).
The rate of discontinuation of all study treatments due to treatment-related AEs for the amivantamab combination was 10 percent.
The rate of interstitial lung disease (including pneumonitis) was less than three percent in both arms.
“These CHMP positive opinions mark a pivotal step in our mission to deliver transformative first-line therapies for people living with EGFR-mutated NSCLC,” said Kiran Patel, M.D., Vice President, Clinical Development, Solid Tumours, Johnson & Johnson . “Based on the growing body of promising results we’ve seen to date and our ongoing clinical development programme, we believe amivantamab has the potential to become a foundational therapy for EGFR- and MET-driven NSCLC.”
About the MARIPOSA Study
MARIPOSA (
), which enrolled 1,074 patients, is a randomised, Phase 3 study evaluating amivantamab
in combination with lazertinib versus osimertinib and versus lazertinib alone in first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR ex19del or exon 21 L858R substitution mutations.
The primary endpoint of the study is PFS (using RECIST v1.1 guidelines
‡
) as assessed by BICR.
Secondary endpoints include overall survival (OS), overall response rate (ORR), duration of response (DOR), second progression free survival (PFS2) and intracranial PFS.
The MARIPOSA study required all patients to have serial brain imaging with MRIs in order to detect or monitor brain metastases, a measure not implemented in most prior studies for EGFR-mutated NSCLC.
Extracranial PFS, which may more closely approximate what would be seen in other trials, was also explored in MARIPOSA.
About Amivantamab
Amivantamab is a fully-human EGFR-MET bispecific antibody that acts by targeting tumours with activating and resistance EGFR mutations and MET mutations and amplifications, and by harnessing the immune system.
The European Commission (EC) has granted marketing authorisation of amivantamab in the following indications:
· In combination in with carboplatin and pemetrexed, for the treatment of adult patients with advanced NSCLC with EGFR exon 19 deletions or 21 L858R substitution mutations, after failure of prior therapy including an EGFR TKI
· As monotherapy, for treatment of adult patients with advanced NSCLC with activating EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations, after failure of platinum-based therapy
· In combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed, for the first-line treatment of adult patients with advanced NSCLC with activating EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations
In February 2024, a Type II extension of indication application was
submitted
to the EMA based on the MARIPOSA study, for amivantamab in combination with lazertinib for the first-line treatment of adult patients with advanced NSCLC withEGFR ex19del or L858R substitution mutations.
In May 2024, an application for the extension of the amivantamab marketing authorisation was submitted seeking approval for the use of a subcutaneous (SC) formulation of amivantamab in combination with lazertinib for the first-line treatment of adult patients with advanced NSCLC with EGFR ex19del or L858R mutations, and for the use of SC amivantamab monotherapy in adult patients with advanced NSCLC with activating EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations after failure of platinum-based therapy.
For a full list of adverse events and information on dosage and administration, contraindications and other precautions when using amivantamab, please refer to the
Summary of Product Characteristics
▼ In line with EMA regulations for new medicines, amivantamab is subject to additional monitoring.
About Lazertinib
In 2018, Janssen Biotech, Inc., entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Yuhan Corporation for the development of lazertinib. Lazertinib is an oral, third-generation, brain-penetrant EGFR TKI that targets both the T790M mutation and activating EGFR mutations while sparing wild-type EGFR.
An analysis of the efficacy and safety of lazertinib from the Phase 3 study LASER301 was published in
The Journal of Clinical Oncology
in 2023.
▼ In line with EMA regulations for new medicines, lazertinib is subject to additional monitoring.
About Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
In Europe, it is estimated that 484,306 people were diagnosed with lung cancer in 2022.
NSCLC accounts for 85 percent of all lung cancer cases.
Lung cancer is Europe’s biggest cancer killer, with more deaths than breast cancer and prostate cancer combined.
The main subtypes of NSCLC are adenocarcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma and large cell carcinoma.
Among the most common driver mutations in NSCLC are alterations in EGFR, which is a receptor tyrosine kinase controlling cell growth and division.
EGFR mutations are present in 10 to 15 percent of Western patients with NSCLC with adenocarcinoma histology and occur in 40 to 50 percent of Asian patients.
EGFR ex19del or EGFR exon 21 L858R mutations are the most common EGFR mutations.
The five-year survival rate for patients with advanced NSCLC and EGFR mutations treated with EGFR TKIs is less than 20 percent and between 25-32 percent of patients receiving the current first-line standard of care, osimertinib, do not survive long enough to reach second-line treatment.
https:innovativemedicine.jnj.comemea
. Follow us at
http:www..comcompanyjnj-innovative-medicine-emea
. Janssen-Cilag International NV, Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc. and Janssen-Cilag, S.A. are Johnson & Johnson companies.
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding product development and the potential benefits and treatment impact of amivantamab or lazertinib. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialise, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Janssen-Cilag International NV, Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen-Cilag, S.A., andor Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: challenges and uncertainties inherent in product research and development, including the uncertainty of clinical success and of obtaining regulatory approvals; uncertainty of commercial success; manufacturing difficulties and delays; competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges to patents; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; changes in behaviour and spending patterns of purchasers of health care products and services; changes to applicable laws and regulations, including global health care reforms; and trends toward health care cost containment. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, including in the sections captioned “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and in Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at
http:www.sec.gov
,
http:www.jnj.com
or on request from Johnson & Johnson. None of
J
anssen-Cilag International NV, Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen-Cilag, S.A.
nor Johnson & Johnson undertakes to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.
© Janssen-Cilag International NV, Inc. 2024. All rights reserved.
* Prof Felip has served as a consultant to Janssen-Cilag International NV; they have not been paid for any media work.
** Nominal
-value; endpoint was exploratory and not part of hierarchical hypothesis testing.
***This analysis was requested by health authorities and had nominal alpha spend. A P-value of ≤0.00001 was required for statistical significance.
RECIST (version 1.1) refers to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors, which is a standard way to measure how well solid tumours respond to treatment and is based on whether tumours shrink, stay the same or get bigger.
Cho BC, et al. Amivantamab Plus Lazertinib in Previously Untreated EGFR-Mutated Advanced NSCLC. The New England Journal of Medicine 2024. doi:10.1056NEJMoa2403614. Available at: https:www.nejm.orgdoifull10.1056NEJMoa2403614. Accessed November2024.
European Medicines Agency. Meeting highlights from the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) 11-14 November 2024. Available at: https:www.ema.europa.euennewsmeeting-highlights-committee-medicinal-products-human-use-chmp-11-14-november-2024. Accessed November2024.
Gadgeel SM, et al. Amivantamab Plus Lazertinib vs Osimertinib in First-line EGFR-mutant Advanced NSCLC: Longer Follow-up of the MARIPOSA Study. IASLC WCLC 2024. September 8, 2024.
Cho BC P, et al. Amivantamab Plus Lazertinib vs Osimertinib as First-line Treatment in Patients With EGFR-mutated, Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): Primary Results From MARIPOSA, a Phase 3, Global, Randomized, Controlled Trial. 2023 European Society for Medical Oncology. October 23, 2023
Grugan KD, et al. Fc-mediated activity of EGFR x c-Met bispecific antibody JNJ-61186372 enhanced killing of lung cancer cells. MAbs 2017;9(1):114-126.
Moores SL, et al. A Novel Bispecific Antibody Targeting EGFR and cMet Is Effective against EGFR Inhibitor-Resistant Lung Tumors. Cancer Res 2016;76(13)(suppl 27216193):3942-3953.
Yun J, et al. Antitumor Activity of Amivantamab (JNJ-61186372), an EGFR–MET Bispecific Antibody, in Diverse Models of EGFR Exon 20 Insertion–Driven NSCLC. Cancer Discov 2020;10(8):1194-1209.
Vijayaraghavan S, et al. Amivantamab (JNJ-61186372), an Fc Enhanced EGFRcMet Bispecific Antibody, Induces Receptor Downmodulation and Antitumor Activity by MonocyteMacrophage Trogocytosis. Mol Cancer Ther 2020;19(10):2044-2056.
European Medicines Agency. Amivantamab Summary of Product Characteristics. August 2024. Available at https:www.ema.europa.euendocumentsproduct-informationrybrevant-epar-product-information_en.pdf. Accessed November2024.
Janssen.comEMEA. Janssen Submits Type II Extension of Indication Application to the European Medicines Agency Seeking Approval of RYBREVANT®▼ (amivantamab), in combination with Lazertinib, for the First-Line Treatment of Patients with EGFR Mutated Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Available at: https:innovativemedicine.jnj.comemeanewsroomimmunologyjanssen-submits-type-ii-extension-of-indication-application-to-the-european-medicines-agency-seeking-approval-of-rybrevant-amivantamab-in-combination-with-lazertinib-for-the-first-line-treatment-of-patients-with-egfr-mutated-non-small-cell-lung-cancer. Accessed November2024.
Janssen.comEMEA. Johnson & Johnson submits application to the European Medicines Agency seeking approval of subcutaneous formulation of RYBREVANT®▼ (amivantamab) for the treatment of patients with EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer. Available at: https:innovativemedicine.jnj.comemeanewsroomoncologyjohnson-johnson-submits-application-to-the-european-medicines-agency-seeking-approval-of-subcutaneous-formulation-of-rybrevant-amivantamab-for-the-treatment-of-patients-with-egfr-mutated-non-small-cell-lung-cancer. Accessed November2024.
Cho, BC, et al. Lazertinib versus gefitinib as first-line treatment in patients with
EGFR
-mutated advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: Results From LASER301. J Clin Oncol. 2023;41(26):4208-4217.
Global Cancer Observatory. Cancer Today. Available at: https:gco.iarc.who.intmediaglobocanfactsheetspopulations908-europe-fact-sheet.pdf. Accessed November2024.
Zappa C, et al. Non-small cell lung cancer: current treatment and future advances. Transl Lung Cancer Res 2016;5(3):288–300.
Wee P & Wang Z. Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Cell Proliferation Signaling Pathways. Cancers 2017;9(12):52.
Pennell NA, et al. A phase II trial of adjuvant erlotinib in patients with resected epidermal growth factor receptor-mutant non-small cell lung cancer. J Clin Oncol 2019;37(2):97-104.
Burnett H, et al. Epidemiological and clinical burden of EGFR exon 20 insertion in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic literature review. Abstract presented at: World Conference on Lung Cancer Annual Meeting (Singapore); January 29, 2021.
Zhang YL, et al. The prevalence of EGFR mutation in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Oncotarget. 2016;7(48):78985- 78993.
Midha A, et al. EGFR mutation incidence in non-small-cell lung cancer of adenocarcinoma histology: a systematic review and global map by ethnicity. Am J Cancer Res 2015;5(9):2892-2911.
American Lung Association. EGFR and Lung Cancer. Available at: https:www.lung.orglung-health-diseaseslung-disease-lookuplung-cancersymptomsdiagnosisbiomarker-testingegfr. Accessed November2024.
Lin JJ, et al. Five-Year Survival in EGFR-Mutant Metastatic Lung Adenocarcinoma Treated with EGFR-TKIs. J Thorac Oncol 2016;11(4):556-65.
Nieva J, et al. A real-world (rw) observational study of long-term survival (LTS) and treatment patterns after first-line (1L) osimertinib in patients (pts) with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation-positive (m) advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Ann Oncol 2023;34, S774.
Girard N, et al. Mortality among EGFR-mutated advanced NSCLC patients after frontline osimertinib treatment: A real-world, US attrition analysis. J Thorac Oncol 2023;18(4), S51-52.
Zayn Qureshi
zqureshi@its.jnj.com
+44 7760 334 666


## Nipocalimab demonstrates significant clinical improvement in disease activity and IgG reduction in Phase 2 Sjögren’s disease study

Nipocalimab demonstrates significant clinical improvement in disease activity and IgG reduction in Phase 2 Sjögren’s disease study
Adults with moderately-to-severely active Sjögren’s disease who received investigational FcRn blocker nipocalimab had improvements in disease activity scores at 24 weeks with accompanying significant reductions in IgG and autoantibody levels
Nipocalimab was granted U.S. FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation for the treatment of adults living with moderate-to-severe Sjögren’s disease based on results from the Phase 2 DAHLIAS study
November 14, 2024
WASHINGTON, D.C., (November 14, 2024)
– Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced results from additional analyses of the Phase 2 DAHLIAS study highlighting improvement in key measures of disease activity and significant IgG reduction by over 77% following treatment with investigational nipocalimab in adult patients with moderate-to-severe Sjögren’s disease (SjD). These data were included in a plenary session presentation (Abstract #2527) and two posters (Abstracts #1427 and #2294) and are among the Company’s 43 oral and poster presentations at the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) Convergence 2024.
Patients receiving nipocalimab, an investigational FcRn blocker, showed a significant improvement in the ClinESSDAI
score at 24 weeks, achieving the primary endpoint. Additionally, key secondary endpoints were met, indicating reduced disease activity both systemically and across multiple organ systems, as well as improvements in physician assessments and composite SjD assessment tools.
Results also showed a significant reduction in IgG including autoantibody levels among patients receiving 15 mgkg every two weeks, providing further evidence of nipocalimab’s mechanism of action through interaction with the FcRn. Moreover, improvements in ClinESSDAI were generally greatest in the participants with the highest baseline levels of anti-Ro and anti-La autoantibodies, associated with substantial nipocalimab-induced reductions in IgG and total IgG autoantibodies.
“These data highlight the relevance of autoantibodies in SjD pathogenesis. The observed reduction in IgG and pivotal autoantibodies, particularly the anti-Ro antibodies, in association with improvement in systemic disease activity and saliva production, represent an exciting advance in our understanding of the disease and how it may be treated effectively. I am also encouraged by the observed trend in many patient-reported measures as they are most important to patients. I look forward to future research to confirm these observations,” said Ghaith Noaiseh, M.D., Associate Professor, Allergy, Clinical Immunology, and Rheumatology, The University of Kansas Medical Center.
“People living with SjD need targeted treatment options that can help address the underlying causes and alleviate the potentially serious health consequences of the disease.”
Many people living with SjD experience symptoms that interfere with daily activities and quality of life, including chronic and severe mucosal dryness.
Extraglandular manifestations – more systemic symptoms of SjD – are also common and may impact multiple organ systems, including joints, lungs, kidneys and nervous system.
These patients with high activity in more than one organ or disease area have an increased mortality risk of up to five-fold.
In the Phase 2 study, patients reported a decrease in symptoms, with numerical improvements compared with placebo in the symptom categories most important to them, including mouth dryness, eye dryness, vaginal dryness, fatigue, and joint pain. Additionally, an improvement in objective salivary flow (i.e., at least 50% increase from baseline) was observed in more than twice as many patients in the high dose nipocalimab group (15 mgkg) compared to the placebo group (32.7% vs. 16%) at Week 24.
“No advanced therapies have been approved for SjD to date. A clear need exists for new immunoselective treatments with demonstrated safety profiles that can provide sustained relief from the heavy burden of the overall disease for patients living with SjD,” said Federico Zazzetti, Director, Rheumatology, Global Medical Affairs Lead, Johnson & Johnson . “Johnson & Johnson is committed to continued research to help address this unmet need, and the data presented at ACR demonstrate the potential of nipocalimab in a disease where patients have very few options.”
Editor’s Notes:
A. ClinESSDAI is an endpoint specific to SjD and is a composite scale that assesses organ disease activity across 11 organ system domains [cutaneous, pulmonary, renal, articular, muscular, peripheral nervous system (PNS), central nervous system (CNS), hematological, glandular, constitutional, lymphadenopathy and lymphoma]; a higher score indicates greater symptom severity.
B. Ghaith Noaiseh, M.D., Ph.D. is a paid consultant for Johnson & Johnson. He has not been compensated for any media work
ABOUT SJÖGREN’S DISEASE
Sjögren’s disease (SjD) is one of the most prevalent autoantibody-driven diseases for which no therapies are currently approved that treat the underlying and systemic nature of the disease.
It is a chronic autoimmune disease that is estimated to impact approximately four million people worldwide and is nine times more common in women than men.
SjD is characterized by autoantibody production, chronic inflammation, and lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine glands. Most patients are affected by mucosal dryness (eyes, mouth, vagina), joint pain and fatigue.
More than 50% of SjD patients have a moderate to severe form of the condition, and disease burden can be as high as that of rheumatoid arthritis or systemic lupus erythematosus and is often associated with impaired quality of life and functional capacity, and increased mortality risk.
ABOUT DAHLIAS
DAHLIAS (
NCT04969812
) is a Phase 2 multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled double-blind study to evaluate the effects of nipocalimab in participants with primary SjD. DAHLIAS is a Phase 2 dose-ranging study of adults with moderately-to-severely active primary SjD who were seropositive for anti-Ro60 andor anti-Ro52 IgG antibodies. 163 adults aged 18-75 were randomized 1:1:1 to receive intravenous nipocalimab at 5 or 15 mgkg or placebo every two weeks through Week 22 and received protocol-permitted background standard of care. Safety assessments were conducted through Week 30. The primary endpoint was change in baseline in the ClinESSDAI Score at Week 24. Select secondary endpoints included:
Multiple organ system assessments:
European League Against Rheumatism Sjögren’s Syndrome Disease Activity Index (ESSDAI) is a systemic diseases activity index designed to measure disease activity in patients with primary SjD. It is based on 12 domains including: constitutional, lymphadenopathy, glandular, articular, cutaneous, respiratory, renal, muscular, peripheral nervous system, central nervous system, biological, and hematological.
Disease Activity Level (DAL) response is a reduction from baseline in disease activity level by at least one level in at least one ClinESSDAI domain (e.g., articular, hematological, cutaneous, constitutional).
Physician assessment:
The Physician Global Assessment of Disease Severity (PhGA) is recorded by the investigator, independent of study participants’ assessment, on a scale with responses ranging from 0 (“No SjD activity”) to 100 (“Extremely active SjD”).
Composite tools for clinical trial endpoints:
Sjögren’s Tool for Assessing Response (STAR) is a composite responder index that includes all main SjD features, including systemic disease activity, patient-reported symptoms, tear gland item, salivary gland item and serology, in a single tool.
Composite of Relevant Endpoints for Sjogren’s Syndrome (CRESS), a composite endpoint tool consisting of five complementary items: systemic disease activity, patient-reported symptoms, tear gland item, salivary gland item and serology, for use in trials of primary SjD.
Patient reported outcomes:
European League Against Rheumatism Sjögren’s Syndrome Patient-Reported Index (ESSPRI) is a patient-reported assessment of the severity of dryness, fatigue, and pain associated with primary SjD, in which patients report their symptom severity over the last two weeks on a numeric rating scale (NRS), ranging from 0 “No symptoms (dryness, fatigue or pain)” to 10 “maximal imaginable (dryness, fatigue, pain)”.
Sjögren’s Symptoms tool is a patient-reported assessment of the worst severity of their ocular, oral, and vaginal dryness and joint pain over the past 7 days on a 0 to 10 NRS, from 0 “No [specific symptom]” to 10, “Severe [specific symptom]”.
ABOUT NIPOCALIMAB
U.S. FDA Fast Track designation in hemolytic disease of the fetus and newborn (HDFN) and warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia (wAIHA) in July 2019, gMG in December 2021 and fetal neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (FNAIT) in March 2024
U.S. FDA Orphan drug status for wAIHA in December 2019, HDFN in June 2020, gMG in February 2021, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) in October 2021 and FNAIT in December 2023
U.S. FDA Breakthrough Therapy designation for HDFN in February 2024 and for SjD in November 2024
EU EMA Orphan medicinal product designation for HDFN in October 2019
ABOUT JOHNSON & JOHNSON
www.innovativemedicine.jnj.com.
Follow us at
@JanssenUS
@JNJInnovMed
Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc. and Janssen Global Services, LLC are Johnson & Johnson companies.
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding product development and the potential benefits and treatment impact of nipocalimab. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen Global Services, LLC andor Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: challenges and uncertainties inherent in product research and development, including the uncertainty of clinical success and of obtaining regulatory approvals; uncertainty of commercial success; manufacturing difficulties and delays; competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges to patents; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; changes in behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of health care products and services; changes to applicable laws and regulations, including global health care reforms; and trends toward health care cost containment. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, including in the sections captioned “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and in Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson & Johnson. None of Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen Global Services, LLC nor Johnson & Johnson undertakes to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.
# # #
Sjogren’s Disease Foundation. Understanding Sjogrens – Treatment. Available at: https:sjogrens.org. Last accessed: November 2024.
McCoy SS, Woodham M, Bunya VY, Saldanha IJ, Akpek EK, Makara MA, Baer AN. A comprehensive overview of living with Sjögren’s: results of a National Sjögren’s Foundation survey. Clin Rheumatol. 2022 Jul;41(7):2071-2078. doi: 10.1007s10067-022-06119-w. Epub 2022 Mar 8. PMID: 35257256; PMCID: PMC9610846.
Carsons SE, Patel BC. Sjogren Syndrome. [Updated 2023 Jul 31]. In: StatPearls [Internet]. Treasure Island (FL): StatPearls Publishing; 2024 Jan-. Available from: https:www.ncbi.nlm.nih.govbooksNBK431049
Huang H, Xie W, Geng Y, Fan Y, Zhang Z. Mortality in patients with primary Sjögren’s syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Rheumatology (Oxford). 2021 Sep 1;60(9):4029-4038. doi: 10.1093rheumatologykeab364. PMID: 33878179.
Nat Rev Rheumatol 20, 158–169 (2024). https:doi.org10.1038s41584-023-01057-6
Beydon, M., McCoy, S., Nguyen, Y. et al. Epidemiology of Sjögren syndrome.
Hackett KL, et al. Arthritis Care Res (Hoboken). 2012;64(11):1760-1764.
Bridget Kimmel
Mobile: (215) 688-6033
bkimmel@its.jnj.com